README.md, before:

# Ali

Shell script alias manager.

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. 

### Prerequisites

Before starting with Ali you must have installed Go.

### Installing

Clone the repository in your computer:

```
$ git clone git@github.com:adriacidre/ali.git
```

## Running the tests

TBD


### And coding style tests

TBD

```
Give an example
```

## How to use it

To see a list of aliases:

```
$ ./ali l
```

To create a new aliases:

```
$ ./ali a
```


## Deployment

Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system

## Built With

* [Dropwizard](http://www.dropwizard.io/1.0.2/docs/) - The web framework used
* [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/) - Dependency Management
* [ROME](https://rometools.github.io/rome/) - Used to generate RSS Feeds

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/b24679402957c63ec426) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/your/project/tags).

## Authors

* **Adrià Cidre** - *Initial work* - [adriacidre](https://github.com/adriacidre)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/adriacidre/ali/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
* Inspiration
* etc

Commit message:

Suggestions from adriacidre have been changed in readme file

README.md, after:

# Ali

Shell script alias manager.

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. 

### Prerequisites

Ali requirements for development are Go and a unix based system.

### Installing

Clone the repository in your computer:

```
$ git clone git@github.com:adriacidre/ali.git
```

Then set up your ./basrc or ./zshrc with some commands like the ones below with your own $GOPATH

```
[ -f ~/.aliases ] && source ~/.aliases
ali() {
    $GOPATH/github.com/adriacidre/ali/ali $@
    source ~/.aliases
    if [[ "$1" == "rm" ]] then
        unalias $2
    fi
}
```
After both requirements:

```
$ cd ali
$ go build ./...
```


## Running the tests

TBD


### And coding style tests

TBD

```
Give an example
```

## How to use it

To see a list of aliases:

```
$ ./ali l
```

This will be the result:

hamster [hamster <parameters>]:<alias description>
rutylof [rutylof <parameters>]:<alias description>

To create a new aliases:

```
$ ./ali a <myalias>
```
To remove an existing aliases:

```
$ ./ali rm <myalias>

## Deployment

Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system

## Built With

* [Dropwizard](http://www.dropwizard.io/1.0.2/docs/) - The web framework used
* [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/) - Dependency Management
* [ROME](https://rometools.github.io/rome/) - Used to generate RSS Feeds

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/b24679402957c63ec426) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/your/project/tags).

## Authors

* **Adrià Cidre** - *Initial work* - [adriacidre](https://github.com/adriacidre)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/adriacidre/ali/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
* Inspiration
* etc
